don't
you
notice how
i get quiet when there's no one else around?
me and you and awkward silence
don't you dare look at me that way
i don't need reminders of how you don't feel the same..
oh, the burning pain
listening to you harp on 'bout some new soulmate
"she's so perfect", blah, blah, blah
oh
how i wish you'll wake up one day
run to me, confess your love, at least just let me say
that
when i talk to you
oh, cupid walks right through
and shoots an arrow through my
heart
NOTE these don't work unfortunately :(
ㅤ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢀⣤⣄
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆ ⣠⣶⣿⣶⡀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋
⠀⠀⠀⠀⣾⣿⣿⣧⠀⠻⣿⣿⠿⠉
⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⠸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏
⠀⠈⠛⠿⣿⣿⡟
⠀⢀⡤⡄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢰⠃⠀⠀⠉⡂⠀⠀⡠⠒⠒⢄⠀
⡋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⡤⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⠱⡀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡐⠁
⠀⠈⢦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠐⠁⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⠦⡀⡔⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
and i sound like a loon
but don't you feel it too?
confess i loved you from the start
what's a girl to do
lying on my bed, staring into the blue?
unrequited,
terrifying
love is driving me a bit insane
have to get this off my chest, i'm telling you today
that
when i talk to you
oh, cupid walks right through
and shoots an arrow through my
heart
NOTE these don't work unfortunately :(
ㅤ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢀⣤⣄
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆ ⣠⣶⣿⣶⡀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋
⠀⠀⠀⠀⣾⣿⣿⣧⠀⠻⣿⣿⠿⠉
⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⠸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏
⠀⠈⠛⠿⣿⣿⡟
⠀⢀⡤⡄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢰⠃⠀⠀⠉⡂⠀⠀⡠⠒⠒⢄⠀
⡋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⡤⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⠱⡀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡐⠁
⠀⠈⢦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠐⠁⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⠦⡀⡔⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
and i sound like a loon
but don't you feel it too?
confess i loved you from the start
confess i loved you
just thinking of you
i know i've loved you from the start